In today's video, we will learn how to
claim OPD of ICICI LBT health insurance.
If you are also
facing any problem in applying OPD claim online then
keep watching this video.  Here we will learn
how to apply for OPD claim online through ICICI's IL Care application.
For this, you have to download the IL Care
application from the Play Store.  The
application of IL Care will be something like this.
As soon as you open it,
you have to
link it with your registered mobile number which will be
linked to your policy.  After that we will
add the policy here.  After that you will get to
see many options here.
Here at the top you will
find your policy number and policy holder's name to view the sum insured for OPD claim.  For example, I have an
amount of ₹10,000 here which I have
not claimed yet.  So I will
claim it here today.  You have to
scroll down here.  As soon as you scroll
down, you will see Health
and Wellness Benefits here.  Next to this is View
All.  So you have to click on View All here
and after this you
will click on OPD Consultation here and as soon as
you open it here, you will get to
see many options
like 24*7 Tele Consultation or
apart from this Plomography or apart from this
here you will get to see Cardiology Neurology and many more
options.   If you
want, you can also take an appointment here.
But we will do reimbursement here.
So here you have to
click on reimbursement.  Then the
patient name will automatically appear here.  So you have to
select it.  As soon as you select,
a form will open here.
Here you can see your
gender male age 26.  Apart from this, service type,
consultation or diagnostic or
pharmacy.  So here next to this a
download claim form will come to you.  So you have to
download this form from here and
take a printout.  After that it has to be
filled up completely.  If you
download the form here then
you will have a PDF copy to download.
After that you have to take a print out.
After taking the printout, you have to
fill up the entire form as per your documents.
You have to keep in mind that
while filling the form here, there should not be any
spelling mistake or
mismatch in the bill amount.  The bill
amount that you write here in the form should be the same
in your bill also.  So
all the details have to be filled.  After that,
Part C will appear on the back side in which
you will get your bank account details, policy
number, UA ID number of the policy which will be
visible in your IL Care application.  You have to
fill it up from there.  At last
you have to enter your bank details.
So we will also enter the bank details
in it.  After that, you will
sign both sides of the form here and
after this you have to make one file for each one.   That
means you have to take a photo of each of these and keep it with
you.  And you have to pay attention
that you have printed out the IL Care form here.  You have to
convert it into PDF so that you will get
both the pages in PDF.  So
to create it in PDF, you
can simply merge the image in Google and create PDF here.  Both the
photos have to be selected.  After that,
merge it here and convert it into PDF.
This entire process will be done online.
After this you have to open the same form again here.  At
the top, you will
see an option to upload claim here.
So you have to attach the file here.
To attach a file, you have to
click on the camera option and
then choose any option from Photos and Videos or
Camera or Camera Video.
After this, at the
top here, I have the PDF of IL Care
which I had just created here,
downloaded and it has come here.   The
claim form has been
attached here like this.  By clicking on the red icon,
you have to upload it here successfully.
After this,
you will have to upload NEFT details i.e. your cancelled
cheque or the photo of your bank passbook here.
So let me
upload the cancelled cheque here.
Click on the red icon and
upload it successfully here.  And after this
you will have to attach the pay bill here.
Whatever bill you have received from the hospital, you will
attach it here.  After this, you have to
upload the photo of pre-subscription i.e. whatever appointment you have taken.  In which your
name, age or all the details, whatever
medicine you may have been given, whatever checkup you may have done, all the
details will be there.  So
you have to upload this form here.
Here you can see another option.
In this you have to attach your Aadhar card
which should be self-attested.
And after this you have to
enter the bill amount here.  And after this you have to
click on submit here.   If
you want, you
can also add something above the consumer remarks here.  Otherwise you have to
leave it here as it is.
After this you have to click on submit.  In
this way, the cash reimbursement
request has been successfully generated here.
After this we will click on OK.  Now
after this your money will be transferred to your account within six to seven days.
So
in today's video we have learned how
we settle the OPD claim from IL Care application
or
how we apply for it
or how we fill up the form here,
we have learned its complete video.  To
stay connected with us in such upcoming innovative videos,
subscribe to our channel and
press the bell icon so that the
notification of the next video reaches you first.